Make rebase command the default option. (#508)
Knotx/knotx: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Whatever content You Contribute will be provided under the Project License(s).

## Commit Messages
When writing a commit message, please follow the guidelines in [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/). 

### References in commit messages

> If the commit refers to an issue, add this information to the commit message header. e.g. the GitHub web platform automatically converts issue ids (e.g. #123) to links referring to the related issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the commit refers to an issue, add this information to the commit message header, e.g. `#57`. 
GitHub web platform automatically converts issue ids (`57`) to URLs referring to the related issue.
```

> `[#69] Refer to GitHub issue…`.

Reviewer: I think that line is not necessary anymore.

> Issues defined in other repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link to another Knot.x repository, please use following convention:
```

> `knotx/KNOTX-RESPOSITORY#ISSUE Refer to GitHub issue defined in KNOTX_RESPOSITORY…`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Knotx/KNOTX-RESPOSITORY-NAME#ISSUE-ID`

E.g. `Knotx/knotx-starter-kit#19` will link to the https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit/issues/19.
In markdown you may paste the full url `https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit/issues/19`.

For more information, please refer to [this article](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/autolinked-references-and-urls#issues-and-pull-requests).
```

## Commit Messages
When writing a commit message, please follow the guidelines in [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

### References in commit messages
When the commit refers to an issue, add this information to the commit message header, e.g. `#57`.
GitHub web platform automatically converts issue ids (`57`) to URLs referring to the related issue.

To link to another Knot.x repository, please use following convention:

`Knotx/KNOTX-RESPOSITORY-NAME#ISSUE-ID`

> E.g. `Knotx/knotx-starter-kit#19` will link to the https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit/issues/19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. `Knotx/knotx-dependencies#28` will link to the https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-dependencies/issues/28.
```

> In markdown you may paste the full url `https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit/issues/19`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In markdown you may paste the full url `https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-dependencies/issues/28`.
```
